I think my personal style says a lot
about me it's pretty laid-back and
accessible I've kind of wear what I want
to wear I'm a very busy person always
working always on the move my style is
very tomboy edgy but like girly at the
same time my jobs affect my style in
that I'm constantly immersed into
fashion so I'm always being inspired by
new different trends and new styles I am
a production assistant I work on
television commercial sets but I'm most
passionate about working in the garden
my jobs do not dictate what I wear I can
wear whatever I want and just express
myself the way that I want to I work for
pose which is a mobile fashion platform
for sharing beauty and style I work
one-on-one with fashion bloggers and
beauty bloggers to make sure that their
content is out there the greatest part
about my job is that with writing and
styling I'm able to sell this story my
dream job would be a senior fashion
editor at a fashion magazine where I'm
able to incorporate styling and writing
all in the same job one of my favorite
piece is my closet his pair of vintage
boots I've bought last year kind of edgy
but also really good for everyday and
perfect with a pair of jeans one of the
best parts about live in LA is the warm
weather but being from Minnesota I
always missed the winter and whenever I
get a cool breeze here I always take
advantage and throw on a pair of boots
and a chunky cardigan for a comfy look
my signature piece of clothing is
definitely my black lace-up boots the
good thing about boots is that you can
wear them all the time when I'm going
home to Chicago I really like spring
pair of boots a lot of boots that I
choose are pretty much for their
durability and trio' because it is
typically really snowy and you're kind
of walking on the city streets and
everything so a pair that's really
easygoing but also stylish it was a
great choice for how that really cool
Nikki weather
my favorite style icon is Anna Wintour
in her career she was told no she was
criticized for creative ideas even fired
and she never let that overcome her and
that really inspires me to be myself and
never let anyone bring me down
you